Doc: Restructure Examples (#4467)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Examples/Tests/ohm_solver_magnetic_reconnection/README.rst

.. _examples-ohm-solver-magnetic-reconnection:

Ohm Solver: Magnetic Reconnection
=================================

Hybrid-PIC codes are often used to simulate magnetic reconnection in space plasmas.
An example of magnetic reconnection from a force-free sheet is provided, based on the simulation described in :cite:t:`ex-Le2016`.

Run
---

This example can be run as a **Python** script: ``python3 PICMI_inputs.py``.

.. literalinclude:: PICMI_inputs.py
   :language: python3
   :caption: You can copy this file from ``Examples/Tests/ohm_solver_magnetic_reconnection/PICMI_inputs.py``.

Analyze
-------

We run the following script to analyze correctness:

.. note::

   This section is TODO.

Visualize
---------

> You can run the following script to visualize the beam evolution over time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the following script to visualize the B-field evolution over time:
```
